Together in this video I want you
we show the companies more of the small ones
action cam group alternative sj 4000 die
firmware can update and as
First we have to do this on the laptop
or mac whatever you have and
uses the current form underneath
I have already done that again
The link to this I pack okay infobox
things the relatively small only 1.6 mb
Great after that we go there we have one
zip file we have to wrap up and
After that the companies get in one
image file
and when it's finally small where I get the
cardreader just the little one
micro sd card on pc or mac
and wrote this file directly into
main directory of the plate it with me
already on it I say replace now times
and otherwise allowed on this micro sd
not to be on the map that's all
importantly it formats again with 32
format or a dirty one for 1000
action cam format exactly and how that
whole now a camera expires that they
so now i have the action here
cam and the preparatory micro sd card
with the firmware that closes now
or just put it in
and then simply with the power button
turn on the front here and then
takes a bit
here you see it is blinking already here
above it also blinks in parallel and
that means beware I have something
Found almost on the memory card and
the installation here now
this flickering light led here
and the led up here and
accordingly, the firmware is just
installed and listened to the noise
that is already done so it is
really a very fast thing and
we can see it has jake m the
manufacturer of the sj 4000 or cobox
clearly what changed in the display as
we will see an attitude here
the
rest recording time at the memory card
then we see what resolution
set disregarded current 1080p
with 30 pictures per second
The three minutes tell me at the moment
I think that's the video duration
only create three minutes of videos
with clay and di resta cow loading time and
Of course date and time of the parallel
is running and important it is still likely
definitely not forgotten
we have to go into the menu now
that also looks different and
need the memory card again
reformat a format and okay
say so that the existing companies of
File thief file on the disc
everything is deleted right now
will be deleted
of course we say okay and confirm
that exactly
So that's very important in any case
that has to be done
yes and that was it, we can see her
also have a new logo at the high and
shut down or on and off
now that it jack kemp are exactly
So that's how easy the firmware update
for the sj 4000 have fun with it